docs(presence): Replace embed with link to website (#28032)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/framework/presence/README.md

A set of session-focused utilities for lightweight data sharing and messaging.

A session is a period of time when one or more clients are connected to a Fluid service. Session data and messages may be exchanged among clients, but will disappear once the no clients remain. (More specifically once no clients remain that have acquired the session `IPresence` interface.) Once fully implemented, no client will require container write permissions to use Presence features.

> For more details and examples of how to use the library, please refer to the documentation on our [website](https://fluidframework.com/docs/build/presence).

Author: ```suggestion
For more details and examples of how to use the library, please refer to the documentation on the Fluid Framework [website](https://fluidframework.com/docs/build/presence).
```
